[ENTRY_3586] I am tired from getting up several times last night with my 94 year old mother who is home on hospice . I am also concerned about my adult son who lives in GPE and is on the spectrum . He is in his senior year of college and has hit a rough patch .
[ENTRY_3587] I am feeling a little tired because I was up a lot last night with my mother . I have to keep track of her getting up at night to use the bathroom so that she doesn’t fall . The hospice nurse came to evaluate my mom for a catheter . I’m sharing this information with my sister and mom so that we can decide how to proceed .
[ENTRY_3588] Anxious , Empathetic , Frustrated , Concerned , Sad
[ENTRY_3589] Tired , Frustrated , Drained , Stressed , Anxious
[ENTRY_3590] I’m currently feeling happy because the hospice aide was here and it gave me a chance to leave my mother’s house . I stay here 24 hours a day during the weeks that I am slated to care for my mother . My sister and I take turns caretaking my mom and it’s usually on a weekly schedule . I was abide to use this time to go for a walk at the bay which isn’t far from here . The sunshine and exercise always help me to recharge .
[ENTRY_3591] Tired , A bit hopeful , Anxious , A touch pessimistic , Perseverant
[ENTRY_3592] I’m currently feeling neutral - neither sad nor happy . The electrician is here at my mom’s house to fix some electrical issues she was having so I’m glad that I was able to get an electrician here . I spoke to my son last night and he’s still very anxious about passing the last 2 courses he needs to complete before his senior year project . I know that talking with me helped him vent his stress and hopefully allow him get some relief . It is hard to hear your adult son who is on the autism spectrum so upset especially when he’s so far away . I’m hoping that he can get through this math class roadblock so that he can finish his degree and hopefully move further north to be around his family and friends . He is very isolated from his support system in GPE . It’s sometimes hard to know where I can be of support that assists him and doesn’t enable him .
[ENTRY_3593] I am feeling content right now as I have been able to accomplish a lot of things today . I worked with my sister to get my mother to consider a catheter which was recommended for her by the hospice staff . I interpreted the nurse’s concerns and my sister’s explanation of support for the procedure so it feels like we are making progress . My mom’s issue with an overactive bladder has interfered with her sleep as well as my sister and I as her live in caregivers . She is currently getting up every 1-2 hours around the clock to use the bathroom . She is getting exhausted and has fallen twice . I also got a 2 hour break today while the hospice aide was here . I was able to go for a nice walk on the beach and it was refreshing .
[ENTRY_3594] I’m currently nervous because I went to my audiologist appointment today and she saw what appears to be a tick in my left ear . After calling all the local ENT offices I finally got a doctor to see me today . I’m currently waiting to see the doctor . I’m also feeling disappointed as my mother has resisted having the catheter inserted that would address all her overactive bladder issues and allow all of us to sleep through the night .
[ENTRY_3595] Calm , Organized , Communicative , Teamwork , On track
